DEP deprecate using Travis CI usage on win-*, osx-* or linux_64 (#1602)
conda-forge/conda-smithy: news/travis.rst

**Deprecated:**

* We have deprecated the usage of Travis CI for any platforms but linux_aarch64, linux_ppc64le, or

>   linux_s390x. Conda-smithy will no longer render CI scripts for other platforms on travis and will
>   emit a warning if one attempts to do so.

Author: ```suggestion
  linux_s390x. Conda-smithy will raise a RuntimeError if one attempts to render a recipe for a different platform.
```
